ontaining that symbol which is, by far, of most common inclusion in writing our
Anglo-Saxon as it is, today. Many of our most common words cannot show; so I must
adopt synonyms; and so twist a thought around as to say what I wish with as much clarity
as I can.)
So, now to go on with this odd contraption:
By Autumn, a man who took his vacation in July, would hardly know his town upon
coming back, so thoroughly had thousands “dug in” to aid in its transformation.
“Boys,” said Gadsby. “you can pat your own backs, if you can’t find anybody to do it for
you. This city is proud of you. And, girls, just sing with joy; for not only is your city proud
of you, but I am, too.”
“But how about you, sir, and your work?”
This was from Frank; a boy brought up to think fairly on all things. “Oh,” said Gadsby
laughingly, “I didn’t do much of anything but boss you young folks around. If our Council
awards any diplomas, I don’t want any. I would look ridiculous strutting around with a
diploma with a pink ribbon on it, now wouldn’t I!”
This talk of diplomas was as a bolt from a bright sky to this young, hustling bunch. But,
though Gadsby’s words did sound as though a grown man wouldn’t want such a thing,
that wasn’t saying that a young boy or girl wouldn’t; and with this surprising possibility
ranking in young minds, many a kid was in an anti-soporific condition for parts of many a
night.
But a kindly Councilman actually did bring up a bill about this diploma affair, and his
collaborators put it through; which naturally brought up talk as how to award such
diplomas. At last it was thought that a bigounds. This, you know, put additional vigor into our Organization; inspiring a boy to
bring up a plan for calling a month,— say July,—“pick-up, paint-up and wash-up month;”
for it was a plain fact that, all about town, was many a shabby spot; a lot of buildings
could stand a good coat of paint, and yards raking up; thus showing surrounding towns
that not only could Branton Hills “doll up,” but had a class of inhabitants who gladly
would go at such a plan, and carry it through. So Gadsby got his “gang” out, to sally forth
and any man or woman who did not jump, at first, at such a plan by vigorous Youth, was
always brought around, through noticing how poorly a shabby yard did look. So Gadsby
put in Branton Hills’ “Post” this stirring call:-
“Raking up your yard or painting your building is simply improving it both in worth;
artistically and from a utilization standpoint. I know that many a city front lawn is small;
but, if it is only fairly big, a walk, cut curvingly, will add to it, surprisingly. That part of a
walk which runs to your front door could show rows of small rocks rough and natural;so many occasions, this charming girl got a contribution, with Old Lady
ow you folks how to hang onto your town funds.”
Old Bill was a notorious grouch; but our Organization occasionally did find a totally
varying mood. Old Lady Flanagan, with four boys in school, and a husband many days
too drunk to work, was loud in approval.
“Whoops! Thot’s phwat I calls a grand thing! Worra, worra! I wish Old Man Flanagan had
had sich an opporchunity. But thot ignorant old clod don’t know nuthin’ but boozin’,
tobacca shmokin’ and ditch-diggin’. And you know thot our Council ain’t a-payin’ for no
ditch-scoopin’ right now. So I’ll shout for thot school! For my boys can find out how to fix
thot barn door our old cow laid down against.”
Ha, ha! What a circus our Organization had with such varying moods and outlooks! But,
finally such a school was built; instructors brought in from surrounding towns; and
Gadsby was as happy as a cat with a ball of yarn.
As Branton Hills found out what it can accomplish if it starts out with vigor and a will to
win, our Organization thought of laying out a big park; furnishing an opportunity for
small tots to romp and play on grassy plots; a park for all sorts of sports, picnics, and so
forth; sand pots for babyhood; cozy arbors for girls who might wish to study, or talk. (You
might, possibly, find a girl who can talk, you know!); also shady nooks and winding paths
for old folks who might find comfort in such. Gadsby thought that a park is truly a most
important adjunct to any community; for, if a growing population has no out-door spot at
which its glooms, slumps and morbid thoughts can vanish upon wings of sunlight, amidst
bright colorings of shrubs and sky, it may sink into a grouchy, faultfinding, squabbling
group; and making such a showing for surrounding towns as to hold back any gain in
population or valuation. Gadsby had a goodly plot of land in a grand location for a park
and sold it to Branton Hills for a dollar; that stingy Council to lay it out according to his
plans. And how his Organization did applaud him for this, his first “solo work!”
Flanagan calling out from a front window:-
“Good luck, Lucy darlin’! I’m sorry I was so dom cranky!”
But though popular opinion was in favor of having a zoo, popular opinion didn’t hand in
donations to within four thousand dollars of what it would cost to install; and Gadsby and
his “gang” had to do a bit of brain racking, so as not to disappoint lots of good folks who
had paid in. Finally, Sarah Young thought of a rich woman living just across from City
Park. This woman, Lady Standish, was of that kind, loving disposition which would bring
in a cold, hungry, lost pup, or cat, and fill it up with hot food and milk. Branton Hills kids
could bring any kind of a hurt or sick animal or bird; and Sarah had long known that that
back yard was, actually, a small zoo, anyway; with dogs, cats, poultry, two robins too
young to fly, four sparrows and a canary, almost bald. Sarah thought that any woman,
loving animals as Lady Standish did, might just thrill at having a big zoo-ful right at hand.
So, saying, “I’ll go and find out, right now”, was off as an arrow from a bow. As soon as
this kindly woman found out what was on Sarah’s mind, our young solicitor got a loving
kiss, with:— “A zoo! Oh! how truly charming! What grand things Mayor Gadsby can think
up without half trying!” And Sarah had to grin, thinking of Lucy, and Old Lady Flanagan’s
opinion of His Honor! “You may not know it, Sarah,” said Lady Standish, “but John
Gadsby and I had a big flirtation, way back in our school days. And HOW downcast poor
Johnny was at my finding a husband out of town! But that was long, long ago, darling. So,
just to sort of pacify my old pal, John, I’ll gladly put up your missing four thousand; and
you go to His Honor and say that I wish him all sorts of good luck with this plan.”
Now, Olympic champions must train continuously, but, customarily, in gymnasiums. But
today, folks in Branton Hills’ shopping


h cannot maintain that good physical condition paramount in carrying on a city’s
various forms of labor? And not only physical good, but also a mind happy from lack of
worry and of that stagnation which always follows a monotonous daily grind. So our
Organization was soon out again, agitating City Officials and civilians toward building a
big Auditorium in which all kinds of shows and sports could occur, with also a swimming
pool and hot and cold baths. Such a building cannot so much as start without financial
backing; but gradually many an iron-bound bank account was drawn upon (much as you
pull a tooth!), to buy bonds. Also, such a building won’t grow up in a night; nor was a spot
upon which to put it found without a lot of agitation; many wanting it in a down-town
district; and also, many who had vacant land put forth all sorts of claims to obtain cash for
lots upon which a big tax was paid annually, with-out profits. But all such things
automatically turn out satisfactorily to a majority; though an ugly, squawk that “municipal
graft” was against him.
Now Gadsby was vigorously against graft; not only in city affairs but in any kind of
transaction; and that stab brought forth such a flow of oratory from him, that as voting for
Mayor was soon to occur, it, and a long list of good works, soon had him up for that
position. But Gadsby didn’t want such a nomination; still, thousands of towns-folks who
had known him from childhood, would not hark to anything but his candidacy; and, soon,
on window cards, signs, and flags across Broadway, was his photograph and “GADSBY
FOR MAYOR”; and a campaign was on which still rings in Branton Hills’ history as “hot
stuff!” Four aspiring politicians ran in opposition; and, as all had good backing, and
Gadsby only his public works to fall back on, things soon got looking gloomy for him. His
antagonists, standing upon soap box, auto truck, or hastily built platforms, put forth, with
